doc: The commit adds Azure Streams PrivateLink documentation and examples (#3299)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/mongodbatlas_stream_privatelink_endpoint/azure/README.md

# Example - Microsoft Azure and MongoDB Atlas Streams Private Endpoint

This example shows how to use Azure PrivateLink Endpoints with EventHub for Atlas Streams PrivateLink.

> You must set the following variables for atlas in main.tf:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must set the following variables for Atlas in main.tf:
```

- `public_key`: Public API key to authenticate to Atlas
- `private_key`: Private API key to authenticate to Atlas
- `project_id`: Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies your atlas project

> - `atlas_region`: The Atlas region where you want to create the Streams PrivateLink resources. `Atlas Region` column in https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/microsoft-azure/#stream-processing-instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `atlas_region`: Atlas region where you want to create the Streams PrivateLink resources. To learn more, see `Atlas Region` column in https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/microsoft-azure/#stream-processing-instances. 
```

- Additional required fields in main.tf:

> - `dns_domain`: dns_domain comes from the hostname of the Event Hub Namespace in Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dns_domain`: Hostname of the Event Hub Namespace in Azure, which is the dns_domain.
```

> - `service_endpoint_id`: This is the Service Endpoint ID for the EventHub Namespace. You can find this in the Azure portal under the EventHub Namespace properties. It typically looks like `/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/{namespaceName}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service_endpoint_id`: Service Endpoint ID for the EventHub Namespace. You can find this in the Azure portal under the EventHub Namespace properties. It typically looks like `/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/{namespaceName}`.
```

> The following setup is for Azure PrivateLink with EventHub example in azure.tf, see docs for more details https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/private-link-service#add-a-private-endpoint-using-azure-portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following setup is for Azure PrivateLink with EventHub example in azure.tf. To learn more, see documentation https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/private-link-service#add-a-private-endpoint-using-azure-portal
```

- `azure_region`: The Azure region where you want to create the Azure PrivateLink resources. `Azure Region` column in https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/microsoft-azure/#stream-processing-instances.
- `azure_resource_group`: The name of the Azure Resource Group where you want to create the PrivateLink resources. 
- `vnet_name`: The name of the Azure Virtual Network (VNet) where you want to create the PrivateLink resources.
- `subnet_name`: The name of the subnet within the VNet where you want to create the PrivateLink resources. 
- `eventhub_namespace_name`: The name of the Azure EventHub Namespace that you want to use for the PrivateLink connection. Must be globally unique. 
- `eventhub_name`: The name of the Azure EventHub that you want to use for the PrivateLink connection. 
- `vnet_address_space`: The address space for the Azure Virtual Network. 
- `subnet_address_prefix`: The address prefix for the Azure Subnet.

## Usage

> **1\. Ensure your Azure credentials are set up.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1\. Ensure that your Azure credentials are set up.**
```

1. Install the Azure CLI by following the steps from the [official Azure documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli).

> 2. Run the command `az login` and this will take you to the default browser and perform the authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the command `az login` and authenticate using the default browser.
```

> 3. Once authenticated, it will print the user details as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once authenticated, Azure returns the following user details:
```

**2\. Set up your MongoDB Atlas API keys.**
1. Log in to your MongoDB Atlas account.
2. Navigate to the "Project Access" section of your project.
3. Create a new API key with the necessary permissions (Project Owner or similar).
4. Copy the Public and Private keys to use with the Terraform configuration.

**3\. Create a terraform.tfvars file.**
1. Create a file named `terraform.tfvars` in the same directory as your `main.tf`.

> 2. Fill the `terraform.tfvars` file with the required variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Defing the required variables in the `terraform.tfvars` file.
```
